ATTENDANCE-REGISTRATION-USING-FACE-RECOGNITION

  Attendance is a compulsory requirement of every organization. Maintaining the attendance register daily is a difficult and time-consuming task. This project provides an efficient and smart method for marking attendance.As it is known that the primary identification for any human is their face. The subject of face recognition is as old as computer vision. Despite the fact that other methods of identification (such as fingerprints, or iris scans) can be more accurate, face recognition has always remained a major focus of research because of its noninvasive nature. This system overcomes the ambiguities like fake attendance, high cost, and time consumption. This system uses a face recognizer library for facial recognition and storing attendance. The system will record the attendance automatically and it will provide the facilities to the absentee's supervisor or the faculty to access the information easily.
        
  This project is titled “Attendance Registration Using Face Recognition”. This project is a replacement  way  method for  the  traditional  way  of marking attendance. The proposed system is developed using python OpenCV library and the face_recognition() package based to recognize faces and addition of a CSV sheet to store the attendance .This system overcomes the ambiguities like fake attendance, high cost, and time consumption. . The system will record the attendance automatically and it will provide the facilities to the absentee's supervisor or the faculty to access the information easily.
